Go to sleep, you little baby...
When you wake, gonna have a piece of cake, a horse and bow, little pony, a dapple and a gray and a black and a bay, go to sleep, you little baby.
Goodbye, I'm sorry to leave you. Goodbye, I'm sorry to leave you. Goodbye, I'm sorry to leave you. Gonna leave you in God's care.
Gonna leave you with the prayer books and the Bible. Gonna leave you with the prayer books and the Bible. Gonna leave you with the prayer books and the Bible. Gonna leave you in God's care. Swing low, sweet chariot.
Coming forth to carry me home. Swing low, sweet chariot Coming forth to carry me home. If you get there before I do Coming forth to carry me home.
Just tell the Lord, I was a-comin' too.
Coming forth to carry me home.
Swing low, sweet chariot